

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  Your Credit Union

   Your Credit Union 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Become an Owner 
   In Our Community 

   Online Banking 

     About Online Banking 

     Security Overview 

   Products and Services 

  Your Money

     Chequing 
     Savings 
     Students 
     Youth 
     Additional Services 
     Electronic Services 
     Foreign Exchange 
     Pricing 
     Identity Theft 

  Your Financing

     Home Equity Loans 
     Mortgages 
     Personal Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Vehicle Loans 
     Credit Cards 
     RRSP Loans 
     RRSP Line of Credit 
     Student Lending 
     Rates 

  Your Future

     Investing 
     Insurance 
     Trust Services 
     Income Tax 
     Rates 

  Your Business

     Business Service Packages 
     Lending Services 
     Investing 
     Small Business Loan Insurance 
     Merchant Program 
     Night Depository 
     Employee Services 
     Payroll Services 
     Income Tax Services 
     Self Service 

   Planning and Advice 

  Life Events

     Major Purchases 
     Retirement 
     Education 
     Family 
     Tough Times 

  Fundy Funeral Home

  Business Topics

     Starting Your Business 
     Growing Your Business 
     Non-Profit Organizations 

  Concentra Trust

   Tools and Calculators 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 
     Foreign Exchange Calculator 
     Education Savings 

   Rates 

You are here:

   Home 
   Your Credit Union 

   About Us 
   Vision Statement 
   Mission Statement 
   Co-operative Principles 
   Value Statement 

  Your Credit Union

  Your Success Is Our Success

As a full-service financial institution, Bayview Credit Union has over 26,000
owners and approximately $370 million in assets. We understand you better
because at Bayview Credit Union, you’re an owner and that means understanding
the best way to service you is our first priority.

Our complete, attractive package of products and services will allow you to
meet your everyday banking requirements as well as assist you in planning for
your future security. We offer loans, mortgages, chequing, MasterCard
products, RRSPs, RESPs, Internet Banking, market-driven investments,
retirement planning and much more. In our 79 year history, Bayview Credit
Union has grown to offer all the services an owner requires through innovation
and response to owners’ needs.

Becoming an owner is a good investment. It’s a better way to handle your
finances because you have a voice. Because you’re an owner, understanding you
is important to us. Understanding you means that we are committed to providing
you with the products, services and skills that will help you reach your life
goals. It’s a better way because our primary objective is serving you.

Your share requirement is $5.00 on deposit in your Share account. This $5.00
is yours and will stay on deposit with Bayview Credit Union for as long as you
are an owner.

Choose a financial institution where the very ownership structure is designed
to service your needs in the best way and where there is a real commitment to
providing you with the skills and information you need to help you realize
your financial goals.  
  
For further information, and to answer any questions you may have, please call
us at (506) 634-1263 in Saint John, Hampton and KV, (506) 433-5005 in Sussex
and (506) 755-3460 in St. George.

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Help 
   Internet Security 
   Legal and Copyright 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Browser Requirements 

  Contact Us

|  Message Us  |  |  Make an Appointment  |  |  Visit a Branch  |  |

Call (506) 634-1263  
Call 1-800-963-4848

3 Digit Credit Union 766  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  Follow Us

|  |  |  
---|---|---|---  
  
© Sat Mar 02 11:55:28 PST 2019 Bayview Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

