

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  Your Credit Union

   Rates 
   Your Credit Union 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Become an Owner 
   In Our Community 

   Online Banking 

     About Online Banking 

   Products and Services 

  Your Money

     Chequing 
     Savings 
     Students 
     Youth 
     Credit Cards 
     Additional Services 
     Electronic Services 
     Service Fees and Account Packages 

  Your Financing

     Home Equity Loans 
     Mortgages 
     Personal Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Vehicle Loans 
     RRSP Loans 
     RRSP Line of Credit 
     Student Lending 
     Rates 

  Your Future

     Investing 
     Insurance 
     Income Tax 

  Your Business

     Chequing 
     Lending Services 
     Investing 
     Small Business Loan Insurance 
     Merchant Program 
     Night Depository 
     Employee Services 
     Payroll Services 
     Income Tax Services 
     Self Service 

   Planning and Advice 

  Life Events

     Major Purchases 
     Retirement 
     Education 
     Family 
     Tough Times 

  Business Topics

     Starting Your Business 
     Growing Your Business 
     Non-Profit Organizations 

  Powers of Attorney and Joint Accounts

   Tools and Calculators 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Retirement Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 
     Foreign Exchange Calculator 
     Education Savings 

You are here:

   Home 
   Your Credit Union 

   About Us 
   Statement on the Co-operative Identity 
   Credit Union Principles 
   Vision Statement 
   Mission Statement 

  Your Credit Union

As a full-service financial institution, Coastal Financial Credit Union has
approximately 9000 members and over $100 million in assets. As a financial co-
operative, we understand you better because at Coastal Financial Credit Union,
you’re not only a member, but an owner, and that means understanding the best
way to service you is our first priority. Our focus is on you.

Our complete, attractive package of products and services will allow you to
meet your everyday banking requirements as well as assist you in planning for
your future security. We offer loans, mortgages, chequing accounts,
Mastercard® products, RRSPs, Internet Banking, retirement planning and much
more. Coastal Financial Credit Union has grown to offer all the services a
member requires through innovation and responsiveness to YOUR needs.

Becoming a member is a good investment. It’s a better way to handle your
finances because you have a voice. Because you’re an owner, understanding you
is important to us. Understanding you means that we are committed to providing
you with the products, services and skills that will help you reach your life
goals. It’s a better way because our primary objective is serving you.

Your share requirement is $25.00 on deposit in your Share account. This $25.00
is yours and will stay on deposit with Coastal Financial Credit Union for as
long as you are a member.

Choose a financial institution where the democratic ownership structure is
designed to service your needs in the best way and where there is a real
commitment to providing you with the skills and information you need to help
you realize your financial goals. For further information, and to answer any
questions you may have, please call us at 902-742-7322.

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Help 
   Internet Security 
   Legal and Copyright 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Browser Requirements 

  Contact Us

|  Email Us  |  |  Visit a Branch  |  |

Call 1-902-742-7322  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  Follow Us

|  
---|---  
  
© Sat Mar 02 11:55:43 PST 2019 Coastal Financial Credit Union.  All rights
reserved.

  

