

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About

   Become a Member 
   About 
   Careers 
   Find Branch / ATM 
   Rates 

   Personal 

  Bank

     Chequing Accounts 
     Savings Accounts 
     Ways to Bank 
     Banking Services 

  Borrow

     Mortgages 
     Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Credit Cards 

  Invest

     Advice and Planning 
     Term Deposits 
     Tax Free Savings Accounts 
     Online Brokerage 

  Life Stages

     Going to School 
     Buying a Home 
     Retiring 
     Estate Planning 

   Business 

  Bank

     Business Accounts 
     Ways to Bank 
     Business Banking Services 

  Borrow

     Business Loans 
     Business Lines of Credit 
     Letters of Credit 
     Business Credit Cards 

  Invest

     Advice and Planning 
     Term Deposits 
     Tax Free Savings Accounts 
     Online Brokerage 

  Business Stages

     Starting Your Business 
     Growing Your Business 
     Creating a Non-Profit 

   Wealth Management 

  Advice and Planning

     Retirement 
     Estates 
     Education Savings 
     Tax Savings 
     Financial Blueprint 

  Life and Health Insurance

     What is Life Insurance? 
     What is Health Insurance? 
     Business Solutions 

  Investing

     Mutual Funds 
     Registered Products 
     Online Brokerage 

   Insurance 
   Community 

  Programs

     Community Impact Day 
     CU Lead Young Leaders 

  Giving Back

     Donations & Sponsorships 
     Scholarships 
     Community Investment Funds 

  Stay Connected

     Community Impact Blog 

                    Events Calendar 

   Tools 

  Calculators

     Mortgages 
     Loans 
     Retirement Planner 
     Foreign Exchange 

  Apply Online

     Credit Card 
     Line of Credit 
     Personal Loan 
     Mortgage 

  More

     Find Branch/ATM 
     Career Opportunities 
     Contact Form 
     Search Site 

You are here:

   About 

   Careers 
   Media Center 
   Board of Directors 
   Online Policies 
   Contact Us 
   Branch Info 

  About Us

First Credit Union is a community owned financial institution where people
investing in one another is the key. We are the oldest Credit Union in BC,
incorporated in 1939. As a locally owned and operated company, decisions are
made locally.

The organization's commitment to the community through sponsorships and
donations is significant. First Credit Union is very proud of it’s community
involvement and strives to be represented at all major community events.

Our credit union is an important part of the Powell River, Texada and Bowen
communities and continues to find ways to be innovative in bringing personal
service, convenience, and quality products to the membership. Most recently,
we merged with Cumberland District Credit Union, adding a fourth branch with a
rich history to our credit union division.

  Who We Are  Expand/Collapse

  Our Purpose

To strengthen the well-being of our member-clients and make meaningful
community impact.

  Our Vision Statement

Building successful relationships.
  Our Corporate Philosophy

   To provide quality financial services. 
   To maintain a financially sound Credit Union that contributes to the welfare, culture, and expansion of Powell River, Bowen Island, Texada Island, and Cumberland. 
   To maintain the philosophy of the Cooperative Movement, “People investing in one another”. 
   To strive for satisfied employees who are encouraged to grow, and in turn, positively affect members. 

  Our Brand Promise

Feel Valued. Be Rewarded.

  Credit Union Rules

Download a copy of our  Credit Union Rules  .

  Credit Union Difference  Expand/Collapse

  What make the credit union so different?

Credit Unions are different because our profits go back to our members.
Whether it’s through donations, sponsorships, scholarships, profit sharing, or
participating in and hosting community events, credit unions share their
profits with those who help make us successful: our members and our community!

Our history is the foundation of our philosophy: that everyone deserves the
opportunity to achieve financial well-being, that working together,
cooperatively, works for the good of all, and that giving back to communities
is a key rationale for profitable operations. The rest is history. The credit
union system now employs over 24,000 people, serves 4.9 million members, and
manages assets of over $91 billion.  
  
Credit Union philosphies are based on the  seven international cooperative
principles  :

  1. Voluntary and open membership. 
  2. Democratic member control. 
  3. Member economic participation (through member shares). 
  4. Autonomy and independence (self-help organizations controlled by members). 
  5. Education, training, and information (for members, staff, and directors). 
  6. Cooperation among cooperatives (working together locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally). 
  7. Concern for community. 

Around the World: The international credit union system is comprised of 91
countries, 43,000 credit unions, and 136 million members. As a member in
Canada, you are a welcome and respected member of a strong movement in the
global community.

  Online Banking
Branch

Select Branch  Bowen  Cumberland  e-Branch  Powell  Texada

Account Number

Access Code (PAC)

Add a Memorized Account

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

  Other Accounts

   Qtrade 
   Collabria Mastercard and Visa 
   Virtual Wealth 

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Site Map 

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

Contact Us

Find Branch / ATM

   facebook 
   twitter 
   youtube 
   instagram 

  Quick Access

   Become a member 
   Make an appointment 
   Change my address 
   Order Cheques 

  Community

   Community Impact Blog 
   Donations and Sponsorships 
   Community Foundation 

© Sat Mar 02 11:55:17 PST 2019 First Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

