

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Community 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   About Us 
   Becoming a Member 
   Rates 
   Careers 

   Banking 

  Accounts

     Chequing Accounts 
     Savings Accounts 
     Service Fees 
     Account Rates 

  Additional Services

     Foreign Exchange Services 
     Safety Deposit Boxes 
     Night Depository 
     Certified Cheques 
     Bank Drafts 

  Ways to Banks

     Ding Free ATM Banking 
     Interac e-Transfer 
     Mobile App 
     Telephone Banking 

   Borrowing 

  Loans

     Personal Loans 
     RRSP Loans 
     Student Loans 

  Mortgages

     Mortgage Rates 

  Insurance

  Lines of Credit

     Home Equity Lines of Credit 
     Line of Credit Rates 

  Credit Cards

   Investing 

  Financial Planning

     Mutual Funds 
     Online Brokerage 
     Securities and Insurance 

  Investment Products

     RESPs 
     RRIFs 
     RRSPs 
     TFSAs 
     Term Deposits 
     Investment Rates 

   Tools & Advice 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 
     Foreign Exchange 
     Education Savings 

  Tools

     Find a Branch/ATM 
     Search 
     Site Map 

  Stages In Your Life

     Going to School 
     Taking a Vacation 
     Buying a Car 
     Buying a Home 
     Selling Your Home 
     Retiring 
     Estate Planning 
     Unexpected Events 

   Business 

  Banking

     Accounts 
     Ways to Bank 
     Additional Services 
     Service Fees 
     Account Rates 

  Borrowing

     Loans 
     Business Mortgages 
     Credit Cards 
     Lines of Credit 
     Insurance 
     Borrowing Rates 

  Investing

     Mutual Funds 
     Wealth Management 
     Online Brokerage 
     Securities and Insurance 
     Term Deposits 
     Investment Rates 

You are here:

   Home 
   About Us 

   Mission & Vision 
   Management & Directors 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 
   Locations & Hours 
   Holiday Hours & Upcoming Events 
   Member News 
   Security 
   Online Policies 
   100% Deposit Guarantee 

  About Us

  Our History

Belgian-Alliance Credit Union lays claim to a proud tradition of dedicated
member service and trust by virtue of its presence in the Manitoba Credit
Union landscape over several decades. While our Credit Union continues to
evolve with respect to changes in product lines, service channels and new
technologies, our roots go back to the very beginnings of the Credit Union
movement in our province.

The following chronology outlines key historical events and highlights our
founding credit unions that have formed the Belgian-Alliance Credit Union of
today.

February 1939

A new financial cooperative, Belgian Sacred Hearts Society, is founded by
Reverend Father Damas-Van Dyck on February 17th to serve the financial needs
of local parishioners. In 1949, the bond of association is expanded to include
all peoples of Belgian or Dutch origin. The membership bond is further
broadened from time to time until, in 1970, when it is opened up to all
Manitobans. This entity subsequently changes its name to Belgian Credit Union
in 1974. In the same year, the operation is moved to a new building location
at 387 Provencher Boulevard.

May 1943

The Amalgamated Civil Servants of Canada (Winnipeg) Credit Union Society
Limited (A.C.S. of C.) is incorporated to serve the financial needs of Federal
Government employees and their immediate families working at Deer Lodge
Hospital. This entity later becomes Adanac Credit Union. Much of the original
Credit Union's business is transacted from within the Deer Lodge Hospital
building itself.

April 1950

A dedicated group of individuals incorporated Vera Credit Union Limited on
April 25th. The Credit Union is formed to meet the financial needs of
Ukrainian-Canadians and their families living in the north end of Winnipeg.
The literal translation of the word "Vera" means to have "belief" or "faith"
(in the Credit Union movement and its ideals). Vera Credit Union is one of the
two predecessors to Progress-Vera Credit Union.

August 1955

A group of employees at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation decide to form
an employee-based Credit Union and, on August 26th, the CBC Winnipeg Employees
Credit Union Limited is incorporated. This entity will later become
Communicators Credit Union. Initially the Credit Union is located within the
CBC building on Portage Avenue. It later moves to the Spence Street side of
the building to allow for a separate entrance for its members and, in 1994, it
is moved to 1-312 Balmoral Street.

March 1958

A group of dedicated individuals brings Progress Credit Union into existence.
In 1981, an amalgamation between Progress Credit Union and Vera Credit Union
takes place, forming the new Progress-Vera Credit Union.

January 2001

Adanac, Communicators and Progress-Vera Credit Unions merge to form the newly
founded Alliance Credit Union Ltd. and membership is opened to all. In
February of 2001, the Progress-Vera branch is moved from 627 Selkirk Avenue to
its current location at 101-930 Jefferson Avenue in the Maples.

January 2008

Belgian Credit Union and Alliance Credit Union merge to form the new Belgian-
Alliance Credit Union; thereby bringing a stronger, unified Credit Union
operation into existence, one that is better poised to serve its members into
the future.

Today

Belgian-Alliance Credit Union is pleased to continue in the spirit of quality
member service adhered to by each of the former Credit Unions for over 75
years. We are old friends with a fresh, new approach to the business of
Credit.

  Online Banking  Expand/Collapse

User ID

Password

Add a Memorized Account

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

  Other Accounts

   BACU MasterCard 
   QTrade 
   Credential Asset Management 

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

  Get in Touch

   Provencher Branch   
(204) 982-3400

   Portage Branch   
(204) 927-0460

   Jefferson Branch   
(204) 927-0450

   Find a Branch or ATM 
   Send us an email 

   Privacy 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Help 

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

  Get in touch

   Provencher: (204) 982-3400 
   Portage: (204) 927-0460 

  Lost or stolen cards

   MemberCards (after regular business hours) 
   Within Canada or US 1-877-764-3693 

   linkedin 

   Jefferson: (204) 927-0450 
   Locations and Hours 

   International 1-905-564-3693 
   Collabria MasterCards (24/7) 

   Send us an email 

   Canada or US 1-855-341-4643 
   International Collect Call 1-647-252-9564 

   

Â© Sat Mar 02 19:27:58 PST 2019 Belgian-Alliance Credit Union.  All rights
reserved.

  

