BV Credit Union

  

  About Us

  Welcome

  Over 70 Years Strong

Since May 1941, Bulkley Valley Credit Union has been building a solid
financial institution that members from Burns Lake to the Hazeltons have grown
to rely on. People helping people is how we began and we strive to remain
people-oriented, both in our financial services and through direct involvement
with our communities. We are dedicated to local decision-making and local
control, key factors in providing the kinds of services that meet the
financial needs of individuals and business members alike.

  The Best of Both Worlds

Personal service and members needs will always be our prime priorities here
in the Bulkley Valley, but we are part of a bigger picture as well. Bulkley
Valley Credit Union provides you the same national strengths as larger
financial institutions. We are part of an integrated national network with
more than $66 billion in assets. Over 4.6 million Canadians rely on credit
unions, almost 1.5 million of them right here in British Columbia.

  Innovative Products, 1-on-1 Service

Through our trade associations and data processing suppliers we have the most
innovative technology available to us. Enhancements to our services, including
remote delivery channels such as Internet and telephone banking, are made
regularly. Our members appreciate the way in which we combine todays new
technology with our one-on-one service. You will find our range of financial
services broad, and our staff friendly and knowledgeable.

  You As a Member

Being a member of Bulkley Valley Credit Union means more than opening an
account; you become an important part of us. You vote to elect a Board of
Directors who are nominated from the general membership. The Directors
represent you, the member. They are responsible for setting policies, which
are then implemented by the Chief Executive Officer

  Thank you to our Photographers

The Bulkley Valley Credit Union created a customized calendar a number of
years ago and there were so many amazing submissions that our office received
we tried to think of different ways to use them. Our website introduced in
great way to show off some of our local scenery taken by talented
photographers!

  

  In Our Community

     Update to e Transfers 

Interac e-Transfer is the number 1 Person to Person service in Canada which
our members rely on to securely and conveniently send or receive funds. Now,
the service, just got better with the introduction of two new features
targeting personal and small business members alike. For more information
continue reading.

Read More

     Happy Family Day 

Happy Family Day from Staff and Management of Bulkley Valley Credit Union. To
allow our staff to spend the day with their families all branches will be
closed from Saturday, February 16th and re-open on Tuesday, February 19th with
regular business hours.

Read More

     Turbo Tax offer! 

TurboTax makes it easy to do your taxes right and get your maximum tax refund
guaranteed.1 Whats best, as a valued member of Bulkley Valley Credit Union,
you can get a special 20% discount on TurboTax Online products.  

Read More

  

About Us

     Find/Contact a Branch 
     Board of Directors 
     Management 
     AGM & Annual Report 
     Employment 
     Newsletters 
     BVCU Vision 
Quicklinks

     Personal Online Banking 
     Business Online Banking 
     Loans/Mortgages 
     Invest/RRSPs 
     Calculators 
     MemberCards 
     Cyber Security 
     The Budget Book 
     The Credit Book 

  

   Personal 
   Business 
   Community 

  

   Home 
   About Us 
   Find a Branch 
   Tools and Services 
   Links 

  

Search Site

  

  
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES  
---  
  
   Home 
   About Us 
   Privacy Policy 
   Site Map 
   Contact Us 

  

Copyright Â© Bulkley Valley Credit Union, 2019

  

Website By  Spark Design

