

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

   Home 
   Rates 
   About Us 
   Community 
   Contact Us 

   google play 
   app store 
         

   Personal 

  Everyday Accounts

     Packaged Chequing 
     Ã La Carte Chequing 
     Regular Savings 
     High Interest Savings 
     Youth + Student Options 

  Borrowing

     Mortgages 101 
     Types of Mortgages 
     Personal Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Credit Insurance 

  Investing

     Retirement Savings (RRSP) 
     Retirement Income (RRIF) 
     Tax Free Savings (TFSA) 
     Term Deposits (GIC) 
     Online Brokerage 

  Additional Services

     Save It Up 
     Transfers 
     Travel Insurance 
     Member Card (Flash) 
     Managing Your Account 

   Business 

  Business Accounts

     Platinum 100 
     Gold 75 
     Silver 50 
     Bronze 25 
     US Dollar Accounts 
     Investment Savings 

  Business Borrowing

     Lines of Credit 
     Loans 
     Real Estate 

   Resources 

  Tools and Calculators

     Education Savings 
     Foreign Exchange 
     Loan 
     Mortgage 
     Retirement 
     RRIF 
     Tax Free Savings 

  Extra Resources

     Find Branch/ATM 
     Site Map 
     Search 
     News 

  FAQs

     New Site + Online Banking 
     Interac e-Transfers 
     My Carpathia (mobile app) 

   Apply 

  Online Forms

     Membership 
     Mortgage 
     Personal Loan 
     Personal Line of Credit 
     RRSP Loan 
     Term Deposit 
     Business Loan 

You are here:

   About Us 

   Our Board 
   Contact Us 
   Annual Reports 
   AGM Minutes 
   Newsletters 
   Internet Security 
   News 
   Careers 
   Executive Management Team 
   Becoming A Member or Associate 
   Nominations 
   Online Policies 

  Online Banking
Login ID

Access Code (PAC)

Add a Memorized Account

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

   Online Brokerage (QTrade) 

  About Us

  The Overview  

Carpathia Credit Union is a full service financial institution that is owned
by its members, who work and play right here in Manitoba.  
  
We have a membership of over 10,000 and have reached almost $500 million in
assets.  
  
Each year Carpathia provides more than $75,000 to community groups and events.
We continue to offer support programs, scholarships and donations towards
promoting Ukrainian culture and heritage locally and to create a stronger
sense of community.

  
Vision Statement

The financial institution of choice for Manitoba's Ukrainian Community.

  

  Mission Statement

To achieve excellence in providing financial services that are beneficial to
our members and community.  

  
Our History

  The Short Version  Expand/Collapse

In 1940, we were founded as the Savings-Credit Union Karpatiia (Carpathia)
in Winnipeg, Manitoba.  
  
Our expanding network includes five branches, a Commercial Centre, and a
Corporate Office to serve our growing membership.

  The Long Version  Expand/Collapse

In 1940, Wasyl Topolnicky, the driving force behind the Ukrainian credit union
movement in Canada and the free world, founded the Savings-Credit Union
Karpatiia (Carpathia) in Winnipeg, Manitoba. There were 24 founding members
who each paid $0.25 for a membership. Carpathia began serving members in the
facilities of the book cooperative Kalyna, on the corner of Main Street and
Euclid Avenue. People came to bank at Carpathia and shop at Kalyna. Many
Ukrainian families bought their refrigerators, stoves and radios from Kalyna
and received financing on the spot, through Carpathia.  
  
In June 1941, Carpathia Credit Union granted its first donation, in the amount
of $5 towards the summer courses organized by Olexander Koshetz and Paul
Macenko. Over the years, Carpathia has continued its strong financial support
of the Ukrainian community. The Credit Union has help build several Ukrainian
churches, seniors complexes, community halls, as well as supported summer
camps. Carpathia has consistently contributed to the development of the
cultural and religious life of Winnipegs Ukrainian community.  
  
By the 10th anniversary, Carpathia had grown to 1,046 members and assets of
$239,996. By the 15th anniversary, the membership had grown to 1,246 and
assets reached a half million dollars. During the 1950s, a quarterly
newsletter entitled   Samodopomoha   (Self-Help) was developed to spread the
credit union message. It covered the activities of the Credit Union and
included cooperative, economic and financial information.  
  
On the threshold of its 25th anniversary in 1965, assets reached $3,000,000
with a membership of 2,627. During its existence, loans to members totaled
$9,214,000. These figures demonstrate Carpathias positive reputation and the
confidence of its members. It worked not for its own enrichment, but in the
name of the economic, spiritual and cultural growth of its membership. At the
Silver Jubilee celebrations, the manager, John Skwarchuk noted "Carpathia has
helped thousands of Ukrainians and has continuously tried to contribute to the
development of the Winnipegs Ukrainian community".  
  
During the 1960s growth continued. By 1968 assets passed $5,000,000 and the
membership rose to 3,544. In November 1969, Carpathia officially opened its
office at 864 Main Street.  
  
The annual general meetings continued to be forums for open, creative
exchanges. The Chair of the Annual General Meeting in 1969 was Stephania
Bubniuk, the first woman in this position, and she stated, Carpathia has
grown because of the conscientious and wise leadership of its founders and
successors. Leadership experience gained over many years is needed; as well as
unblemished honesty in dealing with community affairs, and patriotic
dedication. To care not for ones own interests or the interests of ones
group, but for the general, common good. Carpathia has followed and continues
to follow these principles.  
  
In May 1976, the doors to the new Carpathia Credit Union building, at 950 Main
Street were opened. This building became the pride of not only the members,
but the whole Ukrainian community of Winnipeg. It was equipped with the most
modern banking facilities, which made possible an even more effective service
for members. During this time, in place of "  Samodopomoha  ", a bilingual "
Visti Karpatii  " - "  News from Carpathia  " which regularly informed the
membership of Carpathia's activities began publication.  
  
During the 1980s it was obvious that Carpathia was on a firm path. With a
solid financial base, the decade was one of achievement, stability and growth.
In 1981, the McPhillips branch was opened to better serve the needs of the
large concentration of members in the area. By decision of its members the
Dnipro Credit Union was amalgamated with Carpathia. By 1989, Carpathia assets
reached a record high of $72,916,000 and membership was 8,600. To ensure a
high quality of service to the ever increasing membership, the Credit Union
renovated the first floor and added a third floor onto 950 Main Street.  
  
The 1990s continued to be strong and successful times for Carpathia Credit
Union. In the fall of 1990, Carpathia celebrated its 50th anniversary with
assets $86,014,000 and membership in excess of 8,200. A commemorative
bilingual book, documenting the history and accomplishments of the Credit
Union, entitled "  Carpathia - 50 Years of Service to the Ukrainian Community
" was launched during the celebrations. In 1994, Carpathias financial success
included asset growth to over the $100 million plateau and the opening of a
third branch. Located at the corner of Henderson Highway and Springfield Road,
this branch made the Credit Union more convenient to the ever increasing
number of both current and potential members who told us that we needed to be
closer to them.  
  
In February of 2013, Carpathia opened its fourth branch on the corner of Grant
Avenue and Waverley Street in Winnipeg's south quadrant; the first location
south of Portage Avenue. The prominence of the new modern branch, featuring
etched glass walls, appeals to the communities surrounding and caters to those
who asked for representation where they reside.  
  
The fifth location, on Regent Avenue, was opened during the summer of 2016 and
proudly serves the growing residential area of Transcona.  
  
Carpathia continues its support of the many cultural, religious, educational
and athletic organizations in our Ukrainian community. To date, significant
funds have been contributed by Carpathia to support these organizations that
are so vital to the quality of life in Manitoba. People Helping People, its
what makes our Ukrainian community strong and secure!

  
Why Should You Choose Us?

  To start, we offer everything you need.  Expand/Collapse

  

  We are a full service financial institution that has a variety of
products and services.

   Packaged and  la carte style chequing accounts to fit your lifestyle 
   Daily and high Interest savings account options to meet your goals 
   Competitive and unique mortgage products that will surprise you (like the K2K) 
   Personal loans and lines of credits catered to your plans and unexpected expenses 
   Investing solutions for every stage in your life 
   Insurance options for credit and travel 
   An electronic piggy bank to help you  Save It Up 

  And then some.  Expand/Collapse

  

  At Carpathia Credit Union, we:

   Are committed to reaching our fullest potential in service, product development and technical advancements; 
   Provide ongoing support to Manitoba's Ukrainian community events and programs; 
   Make every effort to support our community vendors; and 
   Are welcoming to new Canadians from all backgrounds and have experience helping them reach milestones, like building credit and purchasing homes. 

  We are a part of the Credit Union Difference

Our members are our owners, not just our customers.  
  
Why does this matter to you?  
  

   You can vote on the issues that are important to you; 
   We put you before profits by tailoring our services to meet your needs and giving back locally; 
   You are equal to all other members, no matter how much or how little you have in your account; and 
   Our Board of Directors are democratically elected members of our community who understand what's important to our membership and keep our decisions based on local realities. 

  Join Our Email List

  

Get updates on specials, products, events and more.

   Lost or stolen member card? 
   Call 1-877-764-3693 

   Privacy 
   Internet Security 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Careers 
   Help 

© Sat Mar 02 19:27:29 PST 2019 Carpathia.  All rights reserved.

  

