ONLINE BANKING

   About 

            Back 
       Vision & Values 
       Our Commitment 
       Our Members 
       Community Involvement 
       Board of Directors 
       Leadership Team 
       Annual Reports 

   Personal 

            Back 
       Deposit Accounts 
                    Back 
           Chequing Accounts 
                            Back 
               All-In-One Chequing 
               Basic Service Chequing 
               Full Service Chequing 
               Youth Edge Accounts Chequing 
               Student Edge Chequing 
               US Chequing 

           Savings Accounts 
                            Back 
               Premium Tiered Savings 
               Premium Savings 
               Plan 24 Savings 
               Edge Start Savings 

           Service Fees 

       Investing 
                    Back 
           Term Deposits 
           RRSP 
           RRIF 
           RESP 
           TFSA 

       Borrowing 
                    Back 
           Mortgage 
           Loans 
           Lines of Credit 
           Insurance 

       Collabria Credit Cards 
       Ways to Connect 
                    Back 
           Online Banking 
                            Back 
               Direct Alerts 
               Interac eTransfer 

           Mobile Banking 
                            Back 
               Mobile Web 
               Mobile App 

           Debit Card 
           Telephone Banking 

       Member Referral 
       Member Rewards 
       Deposit Guarantee 

   Business 

            Back 
       Deposit Accounts 
       Business Investment Options 
       Loans & Mortgages 
       Credit Cards 
       Member Rewards 
       Other Services 
       Deposit Guarantee 

   Rates 

            Back 
       Personal 
       Business 
       Exchange Rates 

   Tools 

            Back 
       Tips & Advice 
       Forms 
       Newsletter 
       Privacy 
       Security 
       FAQ 

   News 
   Contact 

            Back 
       Contact Us 
       Careers 

ONLINE BANKING

  

  Mission, Vision and Values

  Our Mission

We are a sound financial institution that provides competitive products,
services and advice to help members achieve their financial goals.

  Our Vision

To be recognized as a leading credit union, where  every member  feels valued
and supported as they achieve their financial goals.

  Our Values

We Value

Our Members.  They are the reason we exist and they are at the heart of what
we do. For us, this means a commitment to continuously improving our members
experience by delivering relevant products, services and advice with honesty,
fairness and respect.

Our Employees  . Our people are our strength and the basis of our ability to
provide an exceptional member experience. We strive to be an employer of
choice, where employees are also treated with honesty, fairness and respect;
offered opportunities to learn and develop; are paid fairly; and empowered to
carry out their duties.

Our Community.  We serve a broad community, and we also benefit from that
community. We recognize our responsibility to make a positive contribution to
its health and quality of life.

Co-operation.  We believe in the principles of co-operation and the continuing
development of CCCU, the credit union system in Manitoba, Canada and around
the world. Our members are our owners and benefit in many ways from ownership,
including having a say in how their credit union is run, and sharing in our
profits.

Strong Governance.  The Board of Directors is elected by the membership, and
is committed to ensuring effective oversight of the credit union with a view
to ensuring a sustainable future.

Our Heritage.  CCCU has a long history in Manitoba, and we honour our past and
the original members who brought our credit union to life.

  Our Value Proposition
  Financial Value

We maximize value to our members through sound advice, competitive rates and
patronage returns that reward member loyalty.

  Member Experience

We provide a responsive, respectful member experience that is friendly,
accessible and meets members' needs.

  Relationships

We help members achieve their financial goals by building relationships, trust
and continuity.

Search ...

NOTICE OF AGM

  Latest News

   Crosstown Civic wraps up I Love to Read month  2019-03-01 

Read More ...

   Save 20% on TurboTax online with Crosstown Civic  2019-02-15 

Read More ...

   Come celebrate I Love to Read month!  2019-02-01 

Read More ...

   Keep cyber-fraud in the back of your mind  2019-01-24 

Read More ...

   How to get an RRSP to work for you  2019-01-15 

Read More ...

QUICK LINKS  
Newsletter  
2017 Annual Report  
Products & Services Brochure  
Member Rewards Plan History  
Qtrade  
Forms  
Careers  
Credit Application - Apply Now!

BRANCH HOURS

171 Donald Street, Commercial Department and Winnipeg Square - Monday to
Friday 9:00AM to 4:30PM.

All other branches are:  
Monday to Wednesday 9:30AM - 5:00PM  
Thursday 9:30AM - 6:00PM  
Friday 9:30AM - 5:00PM

Legal  |  Privacy  |  Security  |  Accessibility  |  Sitemap  
Â©  Crosstown Civic Credit Union.  
All rights reserved.



Jascha Boge

Chair

Jascha is a P. Eng., and graduated from the University of Manitoba with a B.
Sc. degree in Civil Engineering. He is a member of the Association of
Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Manitoba. Jaschas principal
occupation is Secretary-Treasurer of Langreen (2005) Ltd., a construction
company that builds commercial and industrial projects in Manitoba and North
West Ontario. He serves Crosstown Civic Credit Union as Chair of the Board of
Directors and sits on the Executive and Governance, as well as the Loan
Committee. Jascha also serves the community at large as a member of the
Executive Committee of Rainbow Stage, Winnipegs well-known musical theatre
company. Jascha and his wife, Hildi enjoy spending family time with their 6
children and 14 grandchildren.



Henry Dyck

Henry has had a career with the City of Winnipeg as a senior manager in the
Planning, Property and Development Department, as well as consulting in areas
of Legal Land Surveying, Property Development and Real Estate. Henry is a
Professional Land Surveyor and has served as President of the Association of
Manitoba Land Surveyors. He has served on various boards including Chair of
the Westgate Mennonite Collegiate Board of Directors.

Henry has and continues to be involved in a variety of community organizations
and/or projects that include Charleswood Mennonite Church, Westgate Mennonite
Collegiate, Canadian Mennonite University, Mennonite Central Committee (MCC)
and Community Housing developments. Major property development and building
projects were undertaken during his leadership. Henrys experience, knowledge
and dedication in this area has been an asset to the Board and in the
strategic planning and the establishment of the St. Annes Road, Pembina
Highway, Portage Avenue (St. James) and the McPhillips Street branches.
Crosstown Civic CU now has nine branches to better serve its members
throughout the City.

Henry is a long time Crosstown Civic member, an active Board member and has
been on the Executive, Nominating, Branching, Building (Chair) and Loans
Committees. Henry has the vision, experience, energy, time and motivation
needed to help continue leading Crosstown Civic to move forward into the
future and stay strong. Henry and his wife Elsie have two married children and
six grandchildren. Henry and his wife enjoy spending time with family, the
Arts, sports, volunteering, travelling and the cottage.



Catherine Burns

Catherine Burns has served on the Board of Crosstown Civic Credit Union for
six years. She Chairs the Audit and Risk Committee and has participated in the
Performance Review and Evaluation Committee and Nominations Committee.
Catherine has recently completed the Institute of Corporate Directors-Rotman
Director Education Program and attained her ICD.D.

Catherine is a Chartered Accountant with over 30 years of experience in
consulting, finance and administrative leadership positions. Her industry
experience includes insurance, post-secondary education, telecommunications,
health care, retail and publishing in private, public and non-profit
organizations.

Catherine is currently the Interim CFO for Diagnostic Services Manitoba (DSM),
a $200 million operation providing laboratory and imaging services at 77
diagnostic sites throughout Manitoba. She has worked for DSM for over seven
years in a variety of leadership positions related to financial governance,
organizational performance, change management and enterprise risk management.



Alan J. Janzen

Vice Chair

Alan is currently "self-deployed" after a career in education which involved
teaching at all levels of public school and culminated in 23 years with
Manitoba Education's Curriculum Branch as a consultant, assistant director and
director. He has also been a long standing credit union board member, having
served 12 years as Board Chair (president) of Crosstown Credit Union, and
subsequently has been active in every aspect of committee work with Crosstown
Civic Credit Union. He is currently Board Vice-Chair and Chair of the
Performance Review Committee. Alan holds B.A., B.Ed., and M.Ed. degrees from
the University of Manitoba. Alan enjoys spending quality time with his family,
is active in his church community, and enjoys choral singing and volunteering
with The MCC.



Ellie Krahn

Ellie became a member of the credit union in 1971 and joined the Board in
2000. She has served in many capacities including the Personal Committee,
President of the Safeway Credit Union Board from 2003 until amalgamation with
Civic, as Vice President of Civic Credit Union from the Civic/Safeway
amalgamation to the Crosstown Civic amalgamation. With Crosstown Civic she has
served on the Executive, Loans, Nominating, and Building Committee's. She has
completed the required Credit Union Director Achievement Program as well as
many optional training modules.



Randy Schartner

Randy has founded/co-founded four entrepreneurial start-ups over the past 15
years. The most successful one was purchased by Priceline.com, a public,
multi-national company. He is currently the President of Priceline Partner
Network and oversees its Winnipeg office and manages key accounts for the
company, which has seen tremendous growth over the past six years. Randy is
also a Real Estate and Development entrepreneur.



Don Enns

Don has been a member of our credit union for more than thirty five years. Don
possesses a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree, a Post
Baccalaureate Diploma in Management, and an Honours Certificate in Project
Management. Don has also completed extensive course work in organizational
behavior, strategic planning, financial management, and ethical decision
making. Don is a District Chief with the Winnipeg Fire Department and an
instructor for both Dalhousie University and the Justice Institute of British
Columbia, facilitating fire service based administrative course delivery to
students across Canada while utilizing an online platform.



John Zacharias

John is a Chartered Professional Accountant and has been in private practice
since 1978. During those years, he worked with many businesses in
manufacturing, construction, retail and service industries assisting them with
their accounting, financial and tax planning needs. He also served on various
boards including the Society of Management Accountants of Manitoba, Westgate
Mennonite Collegiate and treasurer of the North Kildonan Mennonite Church.
John and his wife Helen have been members of Crosstown Civic Credit Union for
more than forty-five years.



Ingrid Loewen

Ingrid is a Chartered Accountant (1986) with a Bachelor of Commerce, Honours
Degree (1983) from the University of Manitoba. For 25 years she worked for one
of Manitobas largest crown corporations in leadership positions including the
Chief Audit Executive and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer with a wide
range of responsibilities including governance, strategy, finance, internal
audit, privacy, social responsibility, and communications. Ingrid has
extensive experience with board governance as an executive responsible for
board processes and a board/committee member for various professional
associations, not-for-profit organizations and Church Council.



Mona Forsen

Chief Executive Officer

Prior to joining Crosstown Civic, Mona held executive leadership roles within
the Manitoba credit union system, and a variety of management roles with a
major Canadian bank. She holds a Master of Business Administration and
Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree from the University of Manitoba. As
Chief Executive Officer, Mona believes that Crosstown Civic is all about
helping our members achieve their financial goals and that this is only
accomplished by caring about and investing in CCCU employees, members and the
local communities we serve. Mona and her husband Ward enjoy traveling and
participating in many sporting activities.



Bernice McClintock

Chief Operating Officer

Bernice has worked within the credit union system in various leadership roles
for over 20 years. She is passionate about optimizing our members experiences
within our credit union. She holds her Certificate in Management (Honours) and
a Professional Management designation, and has been recognized as a leader in
her field. Bernice is actively involved in the community, and has served on
the board of The Elizabeth Fry Society, Community Credit Counselling, and The
Manitoba Marathon. Bernice volunteers for Manitoba Cancer Care, Siloam Mission
and Canadian Blood Services. Bernice and her husband Phil are actively
involved in the many outdoor sporting events Winnipeg has to offer.



Brent Berzuk

Chief Governance & Risk Officer

Brent has been employed in the financial services field his entire career,
initially in various branch banking roles with major Canadian Chartered Banks,
and more recently for almost a decade in the Manitoba Credit Union system in
areas of specialized project work and risk management. Brent is a graduate of
the University of Manitoba where he obtained his B.Comm (Hons) degree, and he
also holds his Canadian Risk Management designation (CRM) awarded through the
Global Risk Management Institute. Brent was born and raised in Winnipeg and
enjoys raising his two boys with his wife Cindy.



Jol Bosc

Chief Financial Officer

Jol joined Crosstown Civic Credit Union in 2007 as its Chief Financial
Officer. Prior to joining the credit union, Jol held various senior
accounting and finance roles, including five years as director of finance at a
Manitoba caisse populaire. Jol is a CPA,CA, having attained his Chartered
Accountant designation while working with Ernst & Youngs Winnipeg office, and
also holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree from the University of
Manitoba.



Neil Enns

Commercial Department Manager

Neil Enns is the Manager of the Crosstown Civic Commercial Department and has
been employed by the credit union for over 26 years. He has seen the
commercial department grow from about $2,000,000 in size to its current
portfolio of over $700,000,000. Neil has a degree from the University of
Manitoba, Faculty of Business with a major in Finance. He is married to his
wife Patty and they have three wonderful daughters.



Rick Yallits

Chief Information Officer

Rick is the CIO of CCCU. He has been employed by CCCU since 2010 but has been
involved with CCCU and their IT since the early 90s, when there were only
four branches. Prior to 2010, Rick spent the previous 17 years working for
another company which provided IT services to many CUs within the province,
of which CCCU was one. Rick has a diploma from RRCC in Business Administration
as well as a Certificate from RRCC in Computer programming.



Deborah Harri

Deborahs is a corporate governance professional with over 20 years of
experience. She was formerly an executive and member of the leadership team of
the Canadian Wheat Board. Deborah also served as Corporate Secretary of the
CWB for 10 years, which involved advising and working closely with an elected
board. She has formal director training and is an accredited director with an
ICD.D designation from the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD)-Rotman
School of Management Directors Education Program.

Deborah is currently chair the board of the Manitoba Lung Association and also
serves on the Executive of the Manitoba Chapter of the ICD, on the advisory
board of NovaTuri Group and on the Governance Renewal Subcommittee of the
Canadian Lung Association.

Deborah holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree from the University of
Manitoba and has taken numerous corporate governance courses.



Ken Braun

Ken Braun is the General Manager of a large home builder in Winnipeg.
Previously he spent most of his career in the concrete business, culminating
in a General Manager role. In this role he oversaw four production facilities
and a large logistics network. He obtained a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours)
and a Master of Business Administration from the Asper School of Business at
the University of Manitoba. To enhance his formal education, Ken broadened his
leadership skills through numerous courses including the Dale Carnegie
Leadership Training for Managers as well as a Mannaz Management Program in
Malaysia. These training opportunities, along with escalating managerial
responsibilities, gave him tools needed to lead an organization. In addition
to his professional experience, Ken has served on the board of directors for
three not-for-profit organizations, which include two separate roles as
committee chair. Serving in his local community has been fulfilling and
rewarding. Ken has been a Crosstown Civic Credit Union member since his
parents first took him to open an account as a child. This is the only
financial institution he has ever used. His 10 and 8 year old daughters
recently became members, proudly carrying on the family tradition. When he is
not working or volunteering, he enjoys golf, travelling with his family or
simply watching Netflix with his wife.

