

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Rates 
   Your Credit Union 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Become an Owner 
   Contact Us 

   Online Banking 

     About Online Banking 

     Credit Cards 

     Qtrade Investor 

  Banking On Your Time

     Frequently Asked Questions 
     Online Security Guarantee 

   Products and Services 

  Your Money

     Chequing 
     Savings 
     Students 
     Youth 
     Senior 
     Credit Cards 
     Additional Services 
     Electronic Services 
     Foreign Exchange 
     In Branch Banking 
     Transaction Fees 

  Your Financing

     Home Equity Loans 
     Mortgages 
     First Time Home Buyer 
     Personal Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Vehicle Loans 
     RRSP Loans 
     RRSP Line of Credit 
     Student Lending 
     Rates 
     Eco Line of Credit 

  Your Future

     Investing 
     Insurance 
     Trust Services 
     Concentra Trust Executor Ease 
     Credential Financial Strategies Inc. 

  Your Business

     Chequing 
     Small Business Online Banking 
     Lending Services 
     Investing 
     Small Business Loan Insurance 
     Merchant Program 
     Employee Services 
     Self Service 
     Business Account Service Fees 

   Planning and Advice 

  Life Events

     Major Purchases 
     Retirement 
     Education 
     Family 
     Tough Times 

  Business Topics

     Starting Your Business 
     Growing Your Business 
     Non-Profit Organizations 

     First Timer's Guide 

  Your Protection

     Fraud Alert Centre 
     Preventing Fraud 

   Tools and Calculators 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     Education Savings 
     Foreign Exchange Calculator 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 

     Find Branch/ATM 

     Search 

     Site Map 

You are here:

   Home 
   Your Credit Union 
   About Us 

   About Us 
     Awards and Recognition 
     Board and Elections 
     Board of Directors 
     Corporate Information 
     Corporate Reports 
     What's New 
     Careers 
     Online Policies 
     Internet Security 
     Be A Part Of Something Bigger 
     Community 
     Member Feedback Program 
   Vision Statement 
   Mission Statement 

  About Us

  
  
Your Interest is Our Interest  
  
As a full-service financial institution, East Coast Credit Union has over
41,700 members and approximately $770 million in assets. We understand you
better because at East Coast Credit Union, you’re an owner and that means
understanding the best way to service you is our first priority.

Our complete, attractive package of products and services will allow you to
meet your everyday banking requirements as well as assist you in planning for
your future security. We offer loans, mortgages, chequing, Mastercard
products, RRSPs, RESPs, mobile banking, smartphone apps, market-driven
investments, retirement planning and much more. In our many years of business,
East Coast Credit Union has grown to offer all the services a member requires
through innovation and response to members’ needs.

Becoming an owner is a good investment. It’s a better way to handle your
finances because you have a voice. Because you're an owner, understanding you
is important to us. Understanding you means that we are committed to providing
you with the products, services and skills that will help you reach your life
goals. It’s a better way because our primary objective is serving you.

Your share requirement is $5 on deposit in your share account. This $5 share
is yours and will stay on deposit with East Coast Credit Union for as long as
you are an owner.

Choose a financial institution where the very ownership structure is designed
to service your needs in the best way and where there is a real commitment to
providing you with the skills and information you need to help you realize
your financial goals. For further information, and to answer any questions you
may have, please  contact us.  
  
East Coast Credit Union supports people's personal choice and is committed to
helping all individual members meet their unique financial needs.  
  
Are you interested in  becoming an owner  with East Coast Credit Union?

Find out about East Coast Credit Union’s past  awards  .

Are you interested in  running for the Board  of Directors?

Who are the  present Board of Directors  ?

Download a copy of  East Coast Credit Union's Bylaws  .

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Help 
   Internet Security 
   Legal and Copyright 
   Site Map 
   Browser Requirements 

  Contact Us

|  Email Us  |  |  Visit a Branch  |  |

Call 1-866-230-7700  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  Follow Us

|  |  |  
---|---|---|---  
  
© Sat Mar 02 11:54:44 PST 2019 East Coast Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

