   Personal 
   Business 
   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

Get an account

   Bank 

Chequing, savings

  Chequing Accounts

     Free Chequing - Simply Free Account® 
     US Dollar Chequing 
     Islander Junior Account 
     Islander Seniors Chequing 
     Islander Value Chequing 

  Savings Account

     Investment Savings 
     Premium Savings 
     US Dollar Savings 

  Banking Services

     Account Services 
     Deposit Insurance 
     Switching is easy 
     Ways to Bank 
     Ways to Send Money 

  Personal Service Fees

  Personal Account Rates

  Foreign Exchange Rates

  Foreign Exchange  
Calculator

  Looking for business banking?

We have that too.

Find out more

  Simply Free Account® get free chequing!

Apply online

   Borrow 

Mortgages, loans, cards

  Mortgages

     Mortgage Basics 
     Mortgage Plans 
     Construction Mortgage 
     Solid & Simple Mortgage 

  Loans

     Loan Basics 
     Personal Loan 
     Vehicle Loan 
     RRSP Loan 

  Lines Of Credit

     Personal Line of Credit 
     Student Line of Credit 
     Overdraft Protection 

  Credit Cards

  Leasing

  Mortgage Rates

  Mortgage Calculator

  Loan Rates

  Loan Calculator

  Looking for business loans?

We have that too.

Find out more

  Refer friends online and make up to $250!

Learn more

   Insure 

Auto, home, travel, life

  Auto

     Auto Insurance 
     Boat Insurance 
     Motorcycle Insurance 
     RV & Motorhome Insurance 

  

Find a location:

Choose a location...  Cedar - Nanaimo  Chemainus  Cowichan Commons  Jubilee -
Victoria  Ladysmith  Lake Cowichan  Mayfair - Victoria  Mill Bay  Salt Spring
Island  WestShore - Victoria  Woodgrove - Nanaimo

  Home

     Condo Insurance 
     Earthquake Insurance 
     Home Insurance 
     Mobile Home Insurance 
     Tenant Insurance 

  

  Get a quote

  Business

     Making a Claim 
     Business Property 
     Business Liability 
     Agricultural Insurance 
     Business Loan Protection 
     Buy-Sell Agreement 
     Critical Illness Insurance 
     Key Person Insurance 

  Travel

     Emergency Medical Insurance 
     Over 60, Retirees & Snowbirds 
     Visitors to Canada 
     Travel Insurance Stories 

  

  Life & Disability

  Make a Claim

  Looking for business insurance?

We have that too.

Find out more

  Travelling soon? Rest easy with travel insurance.

Purchase now

   Invest 

Plans & products

  Investment Plans

     Disability Savings Plan 
     Education Savings Plan 
     Retirement Income Fund 
     Retirement Savings Plan (RSP) 
     Tax Free Savings 

  Investment Products

     Mutual Funds 
     Term Deposits - Non-Redeemable 
     Term Deposits - Redeemable 
     Socially Responsible Investing 
     Segregated Funds 
     Stocks & Bonds 

  Online Investing

  Economic Analysis

  Interest Rate Forecast

  Retirement Calculator

  Education Savings  
Calculator

  RRIF Calculator

  TFSA Calculator

  

  Term Deposit Rates

  Looking for business investments?

We have that too.

Find out more

  Our investment experts can help you reach your goals!

Book an appointment

   Simple Advice 

Finance, retirement, education

  Money Matters

     Managing Your Money 
     Managing Credit 
     Protecting Your Money 
     Unexpected Twists 
  

  Major Purchases

     Buying a Home 
     Buying a Second Home 
     Selling or Renovating 
     Buying a Vehicle 

  Retirement & Investing

     Planning 
     Saving 
     Investing 
     Retirement 
  

  Insurance

     Auto Insurance 
     Home Insurance 
     Travel Insurance 
     Business Insurance 

  Education

     Your Child's Education 
     Your Education 
     Student Centre 
     Bursaries & Awards 
  

  Estates & Trusts

     Estate Planning 
     Estate Administration 
     Trust & Trustee 
     Estate Advice 

  Videos

     Prevent Water Damage 
     Phishing Fraud Protection 
     RSPs vs TFSAs 
  
  

  Economy trends & predictions

  Interest rate forecast

  Tools & Calculators

  Looking for advice on business matters?

We have that too.

Find out more

  Simply Free Account® get free chequing!

Apply online

You are here:

   Home 
   About Us 
   Who We Are 
   At a Glance 

      Print 

   Careers 
   Media Centre 
   Who We Are 
     At a Glance 
     Things We Believe 
     Our History 
     The Credit Union Difference 
     Senior Management 
     Becoming a Member 
     Referral Perks 
     Social Media 

  At a Glance

  Island Savings, a division of First West Credit Union, serves Vancouver
Island and the Southern Gulf Islands as a trusted financial and insurance
services provider.

  Get Free Chequing!

Simplify your finances with a Simply Free Accountit's simple, and free!

Learn more

Established in Duncan in 1951, the Island Savings division of First West
Credit Union offers a complete range of products and services including
banking, investment advice, insurance and lending for both personal and
business members. By investing in local businesses and supporting community
organizations, we're working to make the Islands an even better place to live,
work and play.

With branches from Victoria to Nanaimo to the Gulf Islands, we are locally-
based with a mission to contribute to the financial and economic well-being of
our members, employees, and communities. Our members feel good about doing
business with us, knowing that their money is being re-invested right here on
the Islands.

Island Savings became a division of First West Credit Union on January 1, 2015
in order to better live out our cooperative principles and make the financial
lives of Islanders even simpler. Along with First Wests other
divisionsEnvision Financial, Valley First, and Enderby & District
Financialwere now able to put more money back into the pockets of our
members each month through best-in-class products and more time spent having
personal financial planning conversations.

Learn more about  First West Credit Union  .

Contact Us

Rates

Find a Branch / ATM

Tools & Calculators

  Personal Banking Services

   Account Services 
   Deposit Insurance 
   Switching is easy 
   Ways to Bank 
   Ways to Send Money 

  Community

   Upcoming Community Events 
   The Full Cupboard 
   Corporate Social Responsibility 
   Island Savings Community Endowment 
   Island Savings Community Support 
   Education Awards & Bursaries 
   SimpleGenerosity 

  Contact Us

   By Phone 
   Online Contact 
   Our Business Experts 
   Our Business Insurance Experts 
   Our Investment Experts 
   Our Personal Insurance Advisors 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Holiday Hours 

  About Us

   Careers 
   Media Centre 
   Who We Are 

  Lost / Stolen Card?

For Collabria Mastercard®  North America: 1-855-341-4643 International
Collect: 1-647-252-9564  For MemberCard®  1-866-955-8111

  Stay Connected

   Twitter 
   Facebook 
   LinkedIn 
   Youtube 
   Subscribe to our rates 

   Privacy & Security 
   Legal Stuff 
   Site Map 

© First West. All rights reserved

  

