   Home 
   Members Matters 
     Annual Report 2017 
     Construction Project 
     Khalsa History 
     Cooperative Principles 
     Message from the Chair 
     Board of Directors 
     Religious Activities 
     Founding Members 
     Scholarships & Bursaries 
     Careers 
     Donations 
     Why Join? 
   Personal Banking 
     Savings Account 
     Chequing Account 
     Agri-Invest Savings 
     Investments 
     Borrowing 
     Credit Card 
   Business Banking 
     Business Saving 
     Business Chequing 
     Business Agri-Invest 
     Business Investments 
     Business Borrowing 
     Credit Card 
   Contact Us 
   Press Release 
   Sign On 
     Online Banking 
     Credit Card 

   Online Banking 
   Master Card 

   

  Member Matters

Khalsa Credit Union (KCU) came into existence on February 19, 1986 following
the economic turbulence of the early eighties and long after most of the other
credit unions in the province had been incorporated. This presented some early
obstacles and challenges, but the faith of our founders never wavered, as
their desire for a religious bond credit union serving the financial needs of
the Sikh community became a reality. From those early struggles, KCU emerged
stronger and more energized and today is a model of efficiency for the credit
union system of British Columbia.

Our values are still deeply rooted in our heritage and an uncompromising
desire to do the right thing for members, employees, partners and the
community. Growth for growth sake has never been a priority at KCU. We have
nothing against growth, but it should never be realized at the expense of
service. At KCU we are small enough to know you by name and large enough to
serve all your financial needs, and the future shines bright for KCU and the
Sikh community.

  Khalsa History

Read through our exciting history.  Read More

  
  
  

  Cooperative Principles

Our Mission and Cooperative Principles  
  

  Message From Board Chair & CEO

Message from Board Chair and CEO

  Board Of Directors

Learn about our history, read messages from our CEO and board chair.  Learn
More

  
  

  Religious Activities

Khalsa Credit Union (KCU) is a credit union based on the Sikh faith. KCU is
proud to serve the Sikh community.  Learn More  
  

  Founding Members

Founding Members of Khalsa Credit Union  
  

  Scholarships & Bursaries

Giving back to our communities is not just a way of life at KCU. It is an
obligation, and we meet that obligation every day through a variety of
programs.  Learn More

  Careers

Our employees are our greatest asset! Find out why Khalsa Credit Union is a
terrific place to work. Our current job openings are posted here.  Learn More

  Why Choose Us?

Ten good reasons why you should become a member of KCU  Read More

  
  

  Have Any Question ?

Tel: 604-507-6400  
Toll-Free: 1-800-324-6747  
Mon-Fri 9:00 AM- 5:00 PM  
info@khalsacredit.com

Help and Support

Branch Locations

  Others

Mortgage Calculator

Security and Protection

Ways to Bank

Privacy

Donations

  About Us

Khalsa Credit Union (KCU) came into existence on February 19, 1986, following
the economic turbulence of the early eighties and long after most of the other
credit unions in the province had been incorporated.

Learn More

Find a Branch  /ATM

Use our locator tool to help you find a Khalsa branch or ATM in your area.

Â© 2018 Khalsacreditunion.ca. All Rights Reserved.

         

