

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

   Locations and Hours 
   Rates 
   Become a Member Today 
   Careers 

   Personal 
   Ag & Business 
   About Sunrise 

   News & Events 
   Vision & Values 
   Our Communities 
   Governance & Leadership 
   Testimonials 
   FAQs 

  Secure login

Login ID

Access Code (PAC)

Memorized Accounts

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

  Other Accounts

   Mastercard 
   Credential Investments 

Not a member yet?  Join Us

  The Origins of Sunrise Credit Union

The first credit union in Manitoba was organized in 1937 by Father Benoit in
the French farming community of St. Malo. Its citizens, like most farmers on
the continent, were suffering during the Great Depression; Father Benoit
brought them together to help each other financially. The first loan to a
member – for $56.50, repaid in $2 monthly installments – financed the purchase
of a cream separator.  
  
Seven months later in the same year, Norwood Credit Union was founded in
Winnipeg.  
  
Following their example, people throughout Manitoba, drawn together through
common ethnic, religious, professional or geographical affiliations, began
founding credit unions in ever-increasing numbers. By 1939 there were 19
credit unions in Manitoba, with combined assets of $49,990 and 2,406 members.  
  
From these humble beginnings, Manitoba credit unions evolved over the years
into modern, extremely competitive, successful financial institutions with a
collective size of over $20 billion in assets, more than 190 branches and
3,500+ employees.  
  
While Sunrise Credit Union as an entity was officially formed on October 1st,
2008, it did so through the strategic merger of its five legacy Credit Unions
– respectively, Virden (est. 1940), Turtle Mountain (est. 1940), Hartney (est.
1942), Tiger Hills (est. 1943) and Cypress River (est. 1960).  
  
Since then, both Sandy Lake (est. 1952) and Grandview (est. 1947) Credit
Unions have joined the fold.  
  
Integrity, Honesty, a Cooperative Philosophy, Respect, Fairness, Empathy,
Trust, Loyalty, Courage and Optimism are the core values that have guided the
success of Sunrise Credit Union for more than 75 years. These values, combined
with sound business management have resulted in the growth of our organization
from one branch to fourteen, with over 150 employees and over $1billion in
assets by the end of 2017.

  Following is a timeline highlighting special events and milestones
throughout the history of Sunrise Credit Union.

1940  Virden Credit Union was incorporated

1941  Wassewa Credit Union was incorporated, later changing its name to
Boissevain Credit Union Society Ltd.

1942  Deleau Credit Union Society was formed, later changing its name to
Hartney Credit Union Society Ltd.

1943  Treherne & District Credit Union incorporated, later changing its name
to Tiger Hills Credit Union  
  
1947 Grandview Credit Union was incorporated

1952  Sandy Lake Credit Union was incorporated

1954  Deloraine Credit Union was incorporated

1960  Cypress River Credit Union was incorporated

1966  Melita Credit Union was incorporated

1971  Melita Credit Union merged with Virden Credit Union

1974  Tiger Hills Credit Union opened a branch in Holland, MB

1977  Virden Credit Union opened a branch in Reston, MB

1987  Boissevain Credit Union Society opened a branch in Minto, MB

1993  Virden Credit Union opened a branch in Waskada, MB

1998  Cypress River Credit Union opened a branch in Baldur, MB

2001  Deloraine, Boissevain and Minto merged to become Turtle Mountain Credit
Union

2008  Virden, Turtle Mountain, Hartney, Tiger Hills and Cypress River Credit
Unions merge to form Sunrise Credit Union

2008  $475 million in assets

2010  Sunrise Credit Union opened a branch in Brandon, MB

2013  5th Year Anniversary - $775.8 million in Assets

2014  Sandy Lake Credit Union merges with Sunrise Credit Union

2015  Grand opening of new Corporate Office & Brandon branch  
  
2017 Grandview Credit Union merges with Sunrise Credit Union  
  
2018 Prairie Mountain Credit Union merges with Sunrise Credit Union

Follow @sunrisecu  Tweets by SunriseCU

   linkedin 
   youtube 
   twitter 
   facebook 

   Privacy Statement 
   Legal 
   FAQs 
   Vision & Values 

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

© Sat Mar 02 11:54:48 PST 2019 Sunrise Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

