

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

   Home 
   About Us 
   Membership 
   Asterisk Blog 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Accessibility 
   Contact Us 
   Rates 

   Personal Banking 

  Saving Strategies

     Making a Savings Plan 
     Think About Costs, Not Just Prices 

  Banking Tips

     Bank Account Basics 
     Personal Identification for Banking 
     Protecting Yourself From Identity Theft 
     U.S. Travel 

  Managing Your Finances

     Basic Financial Planning 
     Making a Budget 
     Emergency Funds 

  Handling the Unexpected

     Loss of Income 
     Loss of a Family Member 
     Living on Low Income 

  Home Ownership

     Renting or Buying 
     How Mortgages Work 
     Buying Your First Home 
     Renovating 
     Mortgage Renewals 
     Refinancing Your Home 
     Switching Your Mortgage 
     Specialty Mortgages 

  Products and Services

     Bank 
     Borrow 
     Invest 
     Insure 

   Business Banking 

  Business Financial Centre

       Community Financial Centre 

       Products and Services 

     Bank 
     Financing Options 
     Invest 
     Insure 

   Community 

  Community

     Sponsorships and Grants 
     Community Partnerships 

  Ask Our Experts

     Contact us for answers 

   Wealth 

  Wealth & Portfolio Management

     Assiniboine Financial Group 
     In-Branch Wealth Services 

  Life Events

     Education 
     Retirement 
     Estate Planning 

  Find an Advisor

     Find an Advisor 

   Resources 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Education Savings Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 

  Search

     Site Map 
     Online Policies 

  Help

     Online Banking 
     Guides 
     FAQs 
     Fraud Prevention 

  Ask Our Experts

     Contact us for answers 

You are here:

   About Us 

   Contact Us 
   Membership 
   Careers 
   Who We Are 
   Governance and Leadership 
   Our Privacy Standards 
   Member News 
   Media Centre 

  About Us

As far as credit unions in Manitoba go, Assiniboine Credit Union is right up
there among the largest. Our financial and banking capabilities are
demonstrated by our robust membership base, the health of our assets and our
18 branches from Winnipeg to Gillam and Thompson. But don't just take our word
for it; talk to our members, and the communities we support. We're proud (and
rather humbled) that we've been able to help to make a difference in the lives
of thousands of Manitobans.

  Contact Us

We want to hear from you! Feel free to come into any Assiniboine Credit Union
branch or contact our Member Communication Centre with your questions.  
  
  

Overview

  Membership

Its easy to become a member; just visit any of our branches and ask to open
an account. Or complete our online membership application, submit it
electronically and well call you to make an appointment and complete the
process. If you'd like to become a business member,  get in touch with us  .

Overview

  Careers

Sometimes, people think working for a financial institution is just about the
numbers. But the people who work here know there's more. Its really about
relationships. For us, relationships are a huge part of who we are; not only
our relationships with each and every one of our members, but the
relationships we have with the communities we live in. Find out what we're all
about here and if you share our passions and our interests, then join us!

Overview

  Who We Are

Money doing more. This simple thought holds a bigger truth. It represents the
way we do business, our promise to our members and our commitment to the
communities we live and work in. The co-operative values that guide us ensure
we remain financially sound while being socially, environmentally and
ethically responsible.  
  
  

Overview

  Governance and Leadership

As an Assiniboine Credit Union member, you can vote for your board of
directors, who provide guidance to the credit union. An appointed, experienced
executive management team get things done on a day-to-day basis.  
  

Overview

  
Our Privacy Standards

Assiniboine Credit Union meets or exceeds all privacy standards established by
industry guidelines, provincial legislation, the federal Personal Information
Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and all other applicable
laws. Find out more, here.

Overview

  Member News

What's new at Assiniboine Credit Union? Everything that members might be
interested in is here; from our new partnerships in the community, to employee
achievements.

  Media Centre

All the news that's fit to digitize; annual reports, financial statements, and
press releases.

Overview

  Online Banking  Expand/Collapse
Login ID

Access Code (PAC)

Add a Memorized Account

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

   Qtrade Investor 
   VirtualWealth 
   Credit cards 
   cu@work 

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

  Contact us

   204.958.8588  1.877.958.8588 
   Visit/find a Branch or ATM 
   Send an   
email

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

   Online Privacy 
   Security 
   Legal 
   Trademarks 
   Accessibility 

   Become a member 
   Refer a friend 

   100% Deposit Guarantee 
   Asterisk Online Newsletter 
   Media Centre 
   Site Map 

Â©2019 Assiniboine Credit Union. All rights reserved.

   Twitter 
   Facebook 
   LinkedIn 
   Instagram 

  

