

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

   Home 
   Become a Member 
   About Us 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 
   Rates 
   Fees 

   facebook 
   linkedin 
   twitter 
   YouTube 

   Personal 
   Business 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   Planning & Investing 
   Tools and Calculators 

You are here:

   Home (Personal Banking) 
   About Us 

   Careers 
   Media Centre 
   Newsletters 
   Online Policies 
   Contact Us 
   Internet Security 
   Board of Directors 
   Credit Union By-laws 

  We want you to be part of our new kind of financial institution

Rapport Credit Union is a new kind of financial institution. Unlike the big
banks, we spend the time required to get to know our members because theyre
more than just customers to us. We want to give our members the right advice
and a plan that will enable them to live the life they desire. We serve over
21,000 members at 12 branch locations, with close to 90 employees and
approximately $430 million in assets under administration.

Rapport Credit Union is owned by our members, and we provide a full range of
banking services, from savings and chequing accounts to loans and mortgages to
financial planning and investment management. All at very competitive rates
and backed by knowledgeable, helpful staff who pledge to put you first.

  Our Vision

Strengthening financial confidence, together.

  Our Mission

We are an advocate for our members, providing exceptional personalized service
and tailored solutions that promote financial health. We work with our members
to improve our communities.

  Our Values

Competence:  We apply our knowledge and abilities to serve the needs of our
members and membership effectively, efficiently and successfully.

Integrity:  We act with ethical behaviours and actions in the performance of
our responsibilities.

Ownership:  We take initiative to get the right outcome or solution.

Service Excellence:  We strive to exceed expectations by creating the WOW!

  

  Who we are

Were different.  We are a financial institution completely committed to
helping our members live life on their own terms.

We believe that wealth is more than just dollars and cents.

The new definition of wealth doesnt rely on how much money you have, but
rather how much life you live.

Being happy is wealthy, not the other way around.

  What we do.

We listen.  We encourage our members to talk to us about their goals and
desires, then work with them to help make decisions that will make them feel
confident with their finances.

We help understand their money and what they can afford to do with it.

Sometimes there are tough decisions. Other times there are tough
conversations. We dont back down from either.

  Why we do it.

We care.  Our members rely on us for thoughtful, sound advice. Having
confidence with their financial lives means they can be true to themselves and
be true to their money.

To enhance our value for our member-owners, we need to continually grow our
membership, improve our service and deepen our product offering.

But most of all, we must look after our members. Thats why were here.

  

  "We believe a strong rapport is so essential, we named ourselves after
it."

  Login To Online Banking

  Apply Today

Apply for a mortgage  Apply for a personal loan  Apply to be a member  Apply
for a credit card

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

  Newsletter

Sign up to receive our newsletter and stay current.

GO

  Expand/Collapse

Many Ways To Bank

   Online Banking 
   Telephone Banking 
   In-Branch 

   Privacy 
   Internet Security 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Help 

Â© Sat Mar 02 19:26:38 PST 2019 Rapport Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

