   1-888-956-6636 
   Locations 
   Online Banking 

   About Us 
     Who We Are 
     History 
     Meet the Directors 
     Annual Reports 
     Holiday Hours 
     Careers 
   Personal 

     Accounts 
       Chequing Savings Account 
       High Interest Savings Account 
       Youth Account 
       US Savings Account 
     Loans 
       Loan Application 
       Personal Loan 
       Personal Line of Credit 
       Consolidation Loan 
       Student Loan 
       Wedding Loan 
       RRSP Loan 
       Quick Loan 
     Mortgages 
       Mortgage Application 
       Fixed Rate Mortgage 
       Variable Rate Mortgage 
       Meritline Line of Credit 
     Investments 
       Guaranteed Investment Certificate (GIC) 
       Mutual Funds 
       Tax Free Savings Account (TFSA) 
       Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) 
       Registered Retirement Income Fund (RRIF) 
       Registered Education Savings Plan (RESP) 
       Registered Disability Savings Plan (RDSP) 
       Class A Shares 
       Deposit Insurance 
     Stages of Life 
       Im Going To School 
       Im Starting A New Job 
       Im Buying A New Car 
       Im Getting Married 
       Im Buying A House 
       Im Starting A Family 
       Im Going On A Trip 
       Im Planning My Retirement 

   Business 

     Accounts 
       Business Chequing Account 
       Business Savings Account 
       US Savings Account 
       Club / Charity Chequing 
     Loans & Mortgages 
       Commercial Loan 
       Commercial Line of Credit 
       Commercial Mortgages 

   Ways To Bank 
     Solution Centre 
     In-Branch 
     My MCU Mobile Banking App 
     Online/Mobile Banking 
     Telephone Banking 
     ®Member Card 
     Find an ATM 
   Community 
     Giving Back 
     Blog 
   Members 
     Online Banking 
     Becoming a Member 
     Membership Benefits 
     Co-operative Benefits 
   Rates 
     Foreign Exchange Rates 
     Deposit Rates 
     Investment Rates 
     Loan Rates 
     Mortgage Rates 
     Prime Rate 
     Fees 
   Menu 

  Who We Are

Home  /  About Us  /  Who We Are

  About Momentum Credit Union

We have our roots firmly planted in the Hamilton, Oakville and Brampton
communities stemming from industries built around the movement of its people.
Originating from the industrial Credit Unions of the Hamilton Street Railway,
Otis Elevator, and Ford Motor company, we have over 75 years of experience in
the financial service industry providing a full range of financial products
and services to our Members.

We are proud to be a co-operative. This means that every one of our Members is
also an Owner. Our members elect our Board of Directors and share in the
profits of the credit union through convenient and affordable products and
services, a high quality banking experience and in the form of dividends and
rebates that may be paid from time to time. Being a co-operative means we put
our Members interests first and we recognize that we wouldnt be here without
them so we value their business and every relationship that we form. Our
members are our shareholders so there is no conflict between our customers and
our ownersthey are one and the same.

We consist of a close-knit team of less than 40 employees operating out of
four branches and our Solution Centre. We may be small, but we see that as an
advantage. Not only does it give us the opportunity to work with our members
one-on-one, but it means we make our decisions locally. We understand that
everyone has their own story and unique situation. Our Members are more than
just a credit score which is why we take the time to get to know them in order
to provide the best solutions to meet their financial goals. We know that our
Members build their own momentum each and every day and were just here to
help.

We serve our Members through multiple convenient channels including online and
mobile banking, our My MCU mobile banking app, telephone banking, a full-
service Solution Centre (housed in Hamilton), and a network of four branches.

We never forget where we came from and continue to believe that giving back to
our local communities and helping them prosper is what matters most. We are
proud to support members with special needs and to invest in local non-profit
organizations and small businesses through corporate donations, sponsorships,
volunteer programs, and in-branch fundraising to help strengthen our
communities and encourage positive change.

If you are not a Member yet,  join now  and experience the MCU difference. You
can count on us.

  The Momentum Credit Union Manifesto

  Our Manifesto is a promise we make to our Members as well as ourselves.
Through these values we hold ourselves accountable to offering the very best
service that we can possibly provide and that our Members deserve.
   We believe our people have the ability to do great things. 
   We believe that we will never lose sight of our co-operative principles. 
   We believe in accountability to our members, our colleagues, and ourselves. 
   We believe in the strength of diversitydiversity of opinion, approach and perspectives. 
   We believe our vision for the future should be top of mind with every interaction. 
   We believe that innovation is the best tool to be ahead in the future. 
   We believe that every member should feel like they belong to something bigger, membership is only the beginning 

  About Us

   Who We Are 
   History 
   Meet the Directors 
   Annual Reports 
   Holiday Hours 
   Careers 

  Join Us

We are a financial co-operative that understands the importance of community
and the value of your hard-earned money.

Apply Now

  Were social

   Instagram 
   Linkedin 
   Twitter 
   Facebook 

Connect with us and stay up-to-date with the latest news, promotions and
events.

  Featured Rates

  Ways To Bank

   Solution Centre 
   My MCU Mobile Banking App 
   Online/Mobile Banking 
   Telephone Banking 
   ®Member Card 
   Find an ATM 

  Personal

   Accounts 
   Loans 
   Mortgages 
   Investments 
   Stages of Life 

  Business

   Accounts 
   Loans 
   Mortgages 

  About Us

   Who We Are 
   Locations 
   Careers 

  Tips & Tools

   Calculators 
   FAQs 

© Copyright - Momentum Credit Union. All Rights Reserved.

   Twitter 
   Facebook 
   Instagram 
   Linkedin 
   Youtube 
   Rss 

   Locations 
   Blog 
   Privacy Policy 

Scroll to top

