

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  Your Credit Union

   Rates 
   Your Credit Union 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Become an Owner 
   In Our Community 

   Online Banking 

     About Online Banking 

     Banking On Your Time 

     Online Security Guarantee 

   Products and Services 

  Your Money

     Chequing 
     Savings 
     Students 
     Youth 
     Additional Services 
     Electronic Services 
     Foreign Exchange 
     Pricing 
     Identity Theft 

  Your Financing

     Home Equity Loans 
     Mortgages 
     Personal Loans 
     Lines of Credit 
     Vehicle Loans 
     Credit Cards 
     RRSP Loans 
     RRSP Line of Credit 
     Student Lending 
     Rates 

  Your Future

     Investing 
     Insurance 
     Trust Services 

  Your Business

     Lending Services 
     Investing 
     Small Business Loan Insurance 
     Merchant Program 
     Payroll Services 
     Night Depository 
     Employee Services 
     Self Service 
     Business Owner Toolkit 
     Small Business Online Banking 

   Planning and Advice 

  Life Events

     Major Purchases 
     Retirement 
     Education 
     Family 
     Tough Times 

  Business Topics

     Starting Your Business 
     Growing Your Business 
     Non-Profit Organizations 

   Tools and Calculators 

  Calculators

     Mortgage Calculator 
     Loan Calculator 
     Retirement Calculator 
     Retirement Planner 
     RRIF Calculator 
     TFSA Calculator 
     Education Savings 

     Find Branch/ATM 
     Search 
     Site Map 

You are here:

   Home 
   Your Credit Union 

   About Us 
   Mission Statement 
   Annual General Meeting 

  Your Credit Union

  
  
Credit unions are not-for-profit financial institutions owned by their
memberships. This means that our members are our shareholders and we are,
quite literally Your Credit Union. And just like other financial institutions
we are accountable to and share our profits with our shareholders.  
  
As a shareholder and member when we do well you benefit and vice versa. Thats
why we are fully committed to supporting our local communities, reinvesting in
our members, supporting community organizations, and growing our local
economy. An investment with Valley Credit Union is an investment in your
community. We offer competitive rates and strive to make products and offer
services that are tailored to our members' needs by listening to what you want
and need.  
  
Click here  for a list of groups and events we've supported and  here  for a
full list of the products and services we offer.  
  
At Valley Credit Union we make all of our decisions locally because just like
you we call the Annapolis Valley home. With seven branches in the Valley and
our Head Office located in Waterville you can be assured that when you trust
us with your business  big or small  it will be handled by one of our staff,
not sent off to someone across the country.  
  
Bank local.  
  
Valley Credit Union is governed by a Board of Directors. The Board is made up
of Valley Credit Union members who are voted in by the membership.  Click here
to learn more about this process. Our Board Members meet regularly to address
business and ensure we are living up to our mandate. In an effort to be truly
local and accountable we have sub-committees that organize our financials and
involvement in the community. Every year we host an  Annual General Meeting
(AGM)  to sum-up the past years events and financial results and what is to
come in the future.  
  
For more information please visit us in any of  our branches  ,  view our
People Over Profits brochure  , or call head office at (902) 538-4510.  
  
Click here  to apply to be a Valley Credit Union member now!

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Help 
   Internet Security 
   Legal and Copyright 
   Site Map 
   Browser Requirements 

  Contact Us

|  Email Us  |  |  Visit a Branch  |  
|

Call 1-800-963-4848  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  Follow Us

|  |  |  
---|---|---|---  
  
Â© Sat Mar 02 19:27:51 PST 2019 Valley Credit Union.  All rights reserved.

  

